Installation Flow Updated (#93)
monoDriveIO/documentation: docs/Scenario_editor.md

# Scenario Editor

> The monoDrive Scene Editor extends the monoDrive Simulator and allows the user to control any of the thousands of features available in the monoDrive simulation environments. With the Scene Editor, users are able to generate custom scenarios leveraging the monoDrive lane and vehicle AIs. Custom simulator maps, vehicle parameters, and driving behaviors can be generated in the Scene Editor all which can be used to test AV algorithms using any one of the monoDrive clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monoDrive Scene Editor extends the monoDrive Simulator and allows the user to control any of the thousands of features available in the monoDrive simulation environments. With the Scene Editor, users are able to generate custom scenarios leveraging the monoDrive lane and vehicle AIs. Custom simulator maps, vehicle parameters, and driving behaviors can be generated in the Scene Editor all of which can be used to test AV algorithms using any one of the monoDrive clients.
```

## Getting Started

1. Install Unreal Engine **4.23** from [here](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/).

    - In Epic Games Launcher, and select Marketplace >> Browse. Search for "VehicleSim Dynamics" and download this free plugin. 
        - Alternatively, from Epic Games website, sign-in and download the plugin [here](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/carsim-vehicle-dynamics).

    <p>&nbsp;</p>

> 1. Ensure you have the latest NVIDIA drivers for your [CUDA-enabled](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CUDA) graphics card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have the latest NVIDIA drivers for your [CUDA-enabled](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus) graphics card.
```

    <div class="img_container">
        <img class='lg_img' src="../easier_device_driver_update.png"/>
    </div>

    **NOTE**
    Even if not prompted by the system, a restart is recommended to ensure the new drivers are correctly detected prior to running any simulations.

    **NOTE**

>     In case the driver cannot be updated using the above method, please visit http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx to download the [latest driver](https://www.nvidia.comnvidia.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case the driver cannot be updated using the above method, download the [latest driver here](https://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx).
```

>     In case the driver cannot be updated using the above method, please visit http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx to download the [latest driver](https://www.nvidia.comnvidia.com).

Reviewer: Its not clear what this is referencing. Did we used to have a description of how to update the graphics drivers? 

I would suggest just making a single link to the https://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx page and tell the user to download the latest driver. They can probably figure out how to update them if necessary.

    <p>&nbsp;</p>

> 1. Download the monoDrive Simulator Editor from [here](https://www.monodrive.io/register).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the monoDrive Simulator Editor [here](https://www.monodrive.io/register).
```

    <div class="img_container">

>     <img class='lg_img' src="../LV_client/quick_start/imgs/sensor_editor_extract.png"/>

Reviewer: This picture is intended to show how to extract the simulator, but there's not instructions here to do that. Probably should add something about extracting it to a local directory.
